Happy Birthday Yueyue
Do you like it? I like it very much, thank you Ziliang.
As long as you like it.
Such gentle eyes can't be covered by glasses
If you can't do a little thing well, I have to do it.
What's the use of you
Memorizing small things is about Ge Yue's lust.
Isn't it just right?
Who said he would step on Xu Ziliang?
But Xu Ziliang must be flustered
Isn't that the opportunity you gave?
You are so hopeless
I quit, okay?
You return it, contract breach, double cabinet compensation.
Pay, pay, I will care about you again, do these wicked things, you
How did you hook up with this trash?
If you weren't my brother
I don't care
Ok take it
Our future accounts will be calculated later
Liangzi
Hey
Wow!
Let's go take you for a ride
Do you have a car?
My dad gave me a bar mitzvah
Just hop in.